ok hello everyone this is Kim rock and
I'm going to go through the fight like a
girl life saving a new app that we have
for iphone android and as you can see on
this iphone 5 that we have it here in
the lower right hand corner so if you're
right-handed you probably want to put it
on the right-hand corner if your left
hand it then you wouldn't want to put it
where i have the settings here for your
left thumb ok so now we're going to go
through the application real quick so
you can understand it and i'm going to
open it up and let's go back to the main
menu now here as you can see the button
says tap two times to trigger the alert
now you have an option of the silent
alert or the loud alert as well so if
you feel that you need to press the
vowel or then you can do that and i'm
going to do that right now ok and it
says one click to go are you sure yes
I'm sure ok as you can see on the body
ona have it seven and you can also i
press send now and he also gives a gps
brilliance so i'm going to cancel that i
don't know if you could heard that hear
that but it also gives your gps
coordinates as well but we haven't put
that in yet because i wanted to show you
as a silent alarm as well which is
really nice so if there is something
happening at a school or a campus and
you need to alert people that there's a
shooter inside the school or something's
going wrong and you don't want the loud
alert to go off then you repress the
silent alert button ok now at the bottom
you will see a high heel and a facebook
icon now the high heel will take you to
the fight like a girl website WWF i like
your girl calm so you can find out about
our program as well and also you'll see
a facebook icon that you can also press
one that will take you to your Facebook
page and let everybody know that you
just purchased this life-saving device
now with this gear is I'm going to press
right here right here and this is what
we're going to go to set up and set up
as you can see will type your name in
the top you're your mobile number your
blood type date of birth
next of kin allergies to drugs and any
other medical issues that you may have
so someone arrives they know who to
contact immediately if they open this
icon up on on that particular button
this is your button that you set up that
tells people everything about you and so
forth now you go to SMS and right here
this is the most important one right
here you want to key in people that will
be close to where you are so if if I'm
close to my parents and I'm in that area
then of course I'm going to make sure
that I have those settings ready to go
my mom and dad my brother and so what
you would do is you type in the name
here as you see I've got k ym there and
if I want to type in some more I can do
that and I are 0 ck and then I'll put in
my mobile number and which I'm not going
to put in because my girl atty world
mobile number and then you can also copy
these names from your address book so
make sure you can also copy from address
book and add and then that will send out
the message to everyone that you're in
trouble and that you need help
immediately and that police are on the
way and it will also give them the GPS
coordinates so that is the fight like a
girl on icon that we have as you can see
right here and it's not just for women
and girls is for anyone whether you have
a child that's been bullied or whether
you have a senior citizen that refuses
to live with you and they want to live
alone it's a great thing for them to
have as well it contacts people
immediately and lets them know they're
in trouble great for children that are
walking to school and way to school they
should have it on and ready to go so if
their approach so it would prevent
hopefully prevent abductions rapes
assaults you name it riverside
properties and you know we've partnered
with us to make this a you know
wonderful app and as you can tell i'm
very excited about it because I'm
stuttering so um anyway that's that's
how it works and it's pretty simple and
go to itunes to download or google and
signing off from fight like a girl
headquarters and the new fight like a
girl app